An urgent message for Agent X:

We have been seeing very high levels of intercepted traffic amongst the despicable members of the League of Infinite Doom. We know they are up to something and we need your help to find out what. Fortunately for you, Agent Y has a way to crack the code. A Secret Decoder Keyring, cleverly hidden in a child's cereal box, contains the key. Use this keyring. Break the coded messages. Save the world!

Input definition

Your input will consist of at least two lines. The first line provides the code from the Secret Decoder Keyring. The format will be at least one , followed by any number of other s, each separated by a single space character. A will always consist of one letter character (from ASCII A-Z or a-z), followed by a dash, followed by one letter character. All other lines contain the encoded messages.

For instance if A maps to S, B maps to A, and C maps to W, then the first line of your input will look like this:

A-S B-A C-W

In the case where a letter key appears twice (e.g. "A-S B-A C-W A-R"), use only the first instance of that key (e.g. "A-S").

The remaining lines are the encoded message. Using the keys above, a message that originally read 'Saw' on the first line and 'Was' on the second would look like this:

Abc Cba

It is noted that while key is case insensitive, the message is case sensitive. Thus, while all of the key's inputs were in upper case, the output is expected to follow the casing of the characters in the original message. Only alphabetic characters should be mapped. All other characters should be preserved the way they are.

Output definition

The output produced by your code breaker should be the decoded version of the input message. The output's punctuation and character casing should exactly match that of the input and non-letters should not be modified.

For the example provided in this description, the output would be:

Saw
Was
Example input

E-A P-B J-C X-D A-E F-F R-G T-H W-I D-J I-K O-L C-M N-N Y-O G-P K-Q H-R L-S Q-T M-U U-V S-W V-X Z-Y B-Z
Qtwl wl e qalq callera.
Example output

This is a test message.
